This is my website. If you see here, these are the services pages. And for example, I search this keyword because I have written for this keyword. And I search for in the Google and it will see on the top. You can see uh you can see this is and the mining and calibration services. If you I search only mining and steel calibration services, you can see this is my website. It is on the top. If I click on this, you can see this is uh actually appearing on top. And let's see another one. If you see here uh wait and something. So here I just uh go on this and wait 10 and temperature calibration services in western Australia. For example, just search here in the Google. It is also going on the top. You can see this is on the top. This is on the top because this is my website and actually this is also written with AI. All of these text is written with AI. And if you see here the SE score is also green and the readability is also green and also this is uh you know using uh cloud AI and it's also provide the internal link. Mostly whenever you write with the any AI platform it does not provide the internal linking. For example, this is an internal link. So in this video I'm going to show you how you can write an SEO optimized blog or service page or anything that is ranking on the top including backlinks. Okay. So this is a very very important that the backlinks should be added into your you know blogs and you can see these are the backlinks that are automatically provided by AI. So how you can do that? Let me dig into the video. Very first step is you need to find out the site map of your you know website. For example, this is the sitemap of my pages. For example, so this is the sitemap where all the links of my website are listed. So first of all, you need to find out the sitemap for example page sitemap.xml. So for in your you know way you can say sitemap.xml. So first of all you need to find out the sitemap and just copy the link of the sitemap and go into the cloud AI paste the sitemap link and this prompt. I have provided this long prompt into the description that you can easily read and add your information for example the phone number the email and the company name everything for example the address of the company as well as other things that you need to change. For example, you have a cleaning company or any other company you need to change and then hit enter. So it will understand the cloud will understand your strategy and the locations and the about and everything that it will be ready for you. Then you need to give this prompt. So this is the prompt that also provided into the description. So this prompt will give you the template for the page and then it will ready for the writing for your you know blogs and then you need to enter your keyword. For example, here I have added industrial and mining. For example, this is my industrial and mining calibration services in Australia. So I just entered the industrial and mining which is my keyword. So this is writing the complete text. For example, including backlinks. You can see this is the backlink and this is the backlink for you. So after writing this, you just need to go back into your WordPress website and paste all the text according to your written writings. For example, here is the H2 and this is the H2 and this is also H2 and this is H1. So according to your you know uh text you need to paste all the text into your rapest website whatever you are using elementor or you're not using element. So in in my case I'm using element. So you just need to paste your text and design into beautiful way that it will be unique. So after that you need to publish and uh whatever you will publish your post you will see these kind of results and your website will be ranked on the top. So uh this is a short video that you have you know understand how you can you know write and if you need a complete video for example how to paste into the WordPress you can you know see my other videos on the channel are available but I have just made this video very short for you because this was not a you know long video and not long topic but this is very very very interesting and very important if you are writing SEO blogs or SEO services pages for any company and serving your clients.